Make spirv.hpp be an external dependency (#813)
KhronosGroup/SPIRV-LLVM-Translator: CONTRIBUTING.md

Travis CI. See [clang-format] and [clang-tidy] configs for more details about
coding standards.

> ## How to add an extension

Reviewer: I think it also makes sense to update build instructions: we probably need to mention that there is a dependency on `SPIRV-Headers` which can be either configured manually or it will be downloaded automatically

Reviewer 2: Done.

First of all please make sure you have added a link to the specification for the
extension in your PR. Then to add definitions of new Op Codes you shall modify

> [SPIR-V Header] which is an external dependency for this project. To do so you

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
[spirv.hpp] which is an external dependency for this project. To do so you
```

Author: Thanks! Applied.

> would need to add new your definitions in [json grammar file] and rebuild the

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
should add new definitions to [json grammar file], rebuild the
```

> header following the instructions in [SPIR-V Headers repository] and push your

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
header following the [instructions](https://github.com/KhronosGroup/SPIRV-Headers#generating-headers-from-the-json-grammar-for-the-spir-v-core-instruction-set) in [SPIR-V Headers repository] and push your
```

> changes there. Once they are merged a brand-new spirv.hpp will be downloaded

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
changes for review, i.e. make a PR. Once the PR is merged a brand-new spirv.hpp will be downloaded
```

downloaded during build of the translator.

It's highly recommended to add the definitions to [SPIR-V Headers repository]
first, but if you don't want to bring it there yet, you can define new Op Codes
in the [internal SPIR-V header file].

> For local testing you can copy spirv.hpp to {PATH}/include/spirv/unified1 and

Reviewer: What is `{PATH}` here?

Reviewer 2: Renamed to be more explicit.

modify it. To use it for your local build please specify

> EXTERNAL_SPIRV_HEADERS_DIR cmake variable with your {PATH} to build the

Reviewer: `EXTERNAL_SPIRV_HEADERS_DIR` is not referenced in `CMakeLists.txt` anymore, the doc should be updated

Reviewer 2: Done.

[LLVM Coding Standards]: https://llvm.org/docs/CodingStandards.html
[clang-format]: [.clang-format]
[clang-tidy]: [.clang-tidy]

> [SPIR-V Header]: https://github.com/KhronosGroup/SPIRV-Headers/blob/master/include/spirv/unified1/spirv.hpp

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
[spirv.hpp]: https://github.com/KhronosGroup/SPIRV-Headers/blob/master/include/spirv/unified1/spirv.hpp
```
